fix(force_add_non_existing_users): Fix description of force_add_non_existing_users (#1237)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/ldap-synchronizer.md

optional attribute that renames the Bonita group instead of using the original LDAP group name.

force\_add\_non\_existing\_users

> optional Boolean attribute (true by default) that defines whether group members (users in LDAP) that are not present in Bonita should be imported (if false, these users are ignored but group is created).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
optional Boolean attribute (true by default) that defines whether group members (users in LDAP) that are not present in Bonita should be imported (created in Bonita). If false, these users are not created but group is created and existing users get associated with the group.
```

|:-----|:--------|
| ldap\_group\_search\_dn | DN of the LDAP watched directory that will be used to get the list of the LDAP groups. |
| ldap\_group\_search\_filter | LDAP group search filter (mandatory attribute, but can be a wide filter such as "cn=\*"). |

> | force\_add\_non\_existing\_users | optional boolean attribute (true by default) that defines whether group members (users in LDAP) that are not present in Bonita should be imported (if false, these users are ignored but group is created). |

Reviewer: Same suggestion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| force\_add\_non\_existing\_users | optional Boolean attribute (true by default) that defines whether group members (users in LDAP) that are not present in Bonita should be imported (created in Bonita). If false, these users are not created but group is created and existing users get associated with the group. |
```

> | force\_add\_non\_existing\_users | optional boolean attribute (true by default) that defines whether group members (users in LDAP) that are not present in Bonita should be imported (if false, these users are ignored but group is created). |

Author: ```suggestion
| force\_add\_non\_existing\_users | optional Boolean attribute (true by default) that defines whether group members (users in LDAP) that are not present in Bonita should be imported (if false, these users are ignored but group is created). |
```
